Metrics API changes (#899)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/release-notes-api-changes310.md

### Endpoint return value changes

> Since ArangoDB 3.8, there were two APIs for retrieving the metrics in two different formats: `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2`. The metrics API v1 (`/_admin/metrics`) was deprecated in 3.8 and usage of `/_admin/metrics/v2` was encouraged.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since ArangoDB 3.8, there have been two APIs for retrieving the metrics in two different formats: `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2`. The metrics API v1 (`/_admin/metrics`) was deprecated in 3.8 and usage of `/_admin/metrics/v2` was encouraged.  
```

In ArangoDB 3.10, `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2` now behave identically and return the same output in a fully Prometheus-compatible format. The old metrics format is not available anymore.

> For the metrics APIs at `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2` unnecessary spaces have been removed between the "}" delimiting the labels and the value of the metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the metrics APIs at `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2`, unnecessary spaces have been removed between the "}" delimiting the labels and the value of the metric.
```

### Endpoint return value changes

> * `/_admin/metrics`, `/_admin/metrics/v2` We removed unnecessary spaces between the "}" delimiting the labels and the value of the metric

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For the metrics APIs at `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2` unnecessary spaces have been removed between the "}" delimiting the labels and the value of the metric.
```

### Endpoints removed

> * `/_admin/metrics`, metrics API v1 was deprecated in 3.8. Now we removed it, and `/_admin/metrics` just redirect you to `/_admin/metrics/v2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since ArangoDB 3.8, there were two APIs for retrieving the metrics in two different formats: `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2`. The metrics API v1 (`/_admin/metrics`) was deprecated in 3.8 and usage of `/_admin/metrics/v2` was encouraged.  
In ArangoDB 3.10, `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2` now behave identically and return the same output in a fully Prometheus-compatible format. The old metrics format is not available anymore.
```

### Endpoints removed

> Since ArangoDB 3.8, there were two APIs for retrieving the metrics in two different formats: `/_admin/metrics` and `/_admin/metrics/v2`. The metrics API v1 (`/_admin/metrics`) was deprecated in 3.8 and usage of `/_admin/metrics/v2` was encouraged.  

Reviewer: I would rather put this under "Endpoint return values changed", because the 2 endpoints still exist in 3.10.
However, `/_admin/metrics` changed its return values in 3.10.

Author: Done
